Update PRAS version used in ReEDS to 0.8.0 (#47)
ReEDS-Model/ReEDS: README.md

This GitHub repository contains the source code for NLR's ReEDS model.
The ReEDS model source code is available at no cost from the National Laboratory of the Rockies.
The ReEDS model can be downloaded or cloned from [https://github.com/NatLabRockies/ReEDS-2.0](https://github.com/NatLabRockies/ReEDS-2.0).

**For more information about the model, see the [ReEDS-2.0 Documentation](https://pages.github.nrel.gov/ReEDS/ReEDS-2.0).**

> <!-- **For more information about the model, see the [open source ReEDS-2.0 Documentation](https://natlabrockies.github.io/ReEDS-2.0).** -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ReEDS model can be downloaded or cloned from [https://github.com/ReEDS-Model/ReEDS](https://github.com/ReEDS-Model/ReEDS).

**For more information about the model, see the [ReEDS Documentation](https://reeds-model.github.io/ReEDS).**
```

The ReEDS model is written in [Python](https://www.python.org/), [GAMS](https://www.gams.com/), and [Julia](https://julialang.org/).
Python and Julia are free, open-source languages;
GAMS requires a software license from the vendor.
A step-by-step guide for getting started with ReEDS is available [here](https://reeds-model.github.io/ReEDS/setup.html), and a quick-start guide for advanced users is outlined below.

1. Install Python using the Anaconda Distribution: <https://www.anaconda.com/download/success>
2. Set up GAMS:
    1. Install GAMS: <https://www.gams.com/download/>
    2. Obtain a combined GAMS/CPLEX license: <https://www.gams.com/sales/licensing/>
        1. Small ReEDS systems have been solved using the open-source [COIN-OR](https://www.coin-or.org/) solver as described [here](https://www.nlr.gov/docs/fy21osti/77907.pdf), but this capability is not actively maintained.
        2. Other commercial solvers have also been successfully applied to ReEDS, but setup details and some solver tuning are specific to the CPLEX solver.

> 3. Install Julia (recommended version is `1.12.1`). Explicit instructions for Julia in ReEDS can be found in the [documentation](https://reeds-model.github.io/ReEDS/setup.html#https://reeds-model.github.io/ReEDS/setup.html#reeds2pras-julia-and-stress-periods-setup).

Reviewer: Since we give the full (even though they're abbreviated) instructions for all the other steps, what would you think about being a big more explicit to keep this one in line?

(Also I think there was a copy/paste error in the docs link)
```suggestion
3. Install Julia version 1.12.1 as described in the [documentation](https://reeds-model.github.io/ReEDS/setup.html#reeds2pras-julia-and-stress-periods-setup):
    1. Follow the platform-dependent installation instructions at <https://julialang.org/downloads/> to install both `julia` and `juliaup`
    2. Specify version 1.12.1 by running:
        1. `juliaup add 1.12.1`
        2. `juliaup default 1.12.1`
```

    2. Obtain a combined GAMS/CPLEX license: <https://www.gams.com/sales/licensing/>
        1. Small ReEDS systems have been solved using the open-source [COIN-OR](https://www.coin-or.org/) solver as described [here](https://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy21osti/77907.pdf), but this capability is not actively maintained.
        2. Other commercial solvers have also been successfully applied to ReEDS, but setup details and some solver tuning are specific to the CPLEX solver.

> 3. Install Julia (recommended version is `1.12.1`) using Juliaup: <https://github.com/JuliaLang/juliaup>

Reviewer: Would it be safer to just point to <https://julialang.org/downloads/>? That's what others have recommended to me in the past (and it mentions `juliaup` there anyway), but I'm probably out of date on best practice. Happy with whatever you think is best.
